feat(chatbot): log retention support and metrics utility methods (#10137)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-chatbot/README.md

  resources: ['arn:aws:s3:::abc/xyz/123.txt'],
}));
```

### Log Group

Slack channel configuration automatically create a log group with the name `/aws/chatbot/<configuration-name>` in `us-east-1` upon first execution with
log data set to never expire.

> The `logRetention` property can be used to set a different expiration period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `logRetention` property can be used to set a different expiration period. A log group will be created if not already exists.
If the log group already exists, it's expiration will be configured to the value specified in this construct (never expire, by default).
```

> By default, CDK uses the AWS SDK retry options when creating a log group. The `logRetentionRetryOptions` property

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, CDK uses the AWS SDK retry options when interacting with the log group. The `logRetentionRetryOptions` property
```

allows you to customize the maximum number of retries and base backoff duration.

*Note* that, if `logRetention` is set, a [CloudFormation custom
resource](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-cfn-customresource.html) is added
to the stack that pre-creates the log group as part of the stack deployment, if it already doesn't exist, and sets the
correct log retention period (never expire, by default).

> 
> *Further note* that, if the log group already exists and the `logRetention` is not set, the custom resource will reset
> the log retention to never expire even if it was configured with a different value.

Reviewer: Moved this to line 44. see above comment.

```suggestion
```
